# Course Expectations

__AP Computer Science A (APCS)__  
__2025-26__  
__Dr. Kessner__  
__Marlborough School, Los Angeles__  

__Free periods: CE in D215__


## Assignments and Grading

You will be given a coding assignment every week.

Each coding assignment has an associated quiz.  You can retake any
quiz as many times as you like (subject to the 70%/30% retake
weighting).  However, in order to retake a quiz, you must first
write up the code from your original quiz, make sure it runs
correctly, and get my approval to retake the quiz.

You will also have at least one larger coding project, which you
will present at STEM + Arts Galleries and/or the Celebration of
Innovation.  You will start on your project toward the end of the
first semester.


## Weekly schedule

Once we get into the school year, a typical week will look like:

* 1st class: Code demo for new unit, discussion and work period

* 2nd/3rd class: Work period (coding, quizzes)


## Time commitment

- Put time in your schedule to write code every day.  You should aim
  for 7 hours/week.  I will be giving you as much time as possible
  during class to write code, ~1-2 hours/week.

- Your goal as you approach the week's exercises is to be able to do
  each exercise without hesitation, within (roughly) 5 minutes.  For
  some exercises, the first time you do it might take 20-30 minutes.
  Or you might get stuck and need to look at a solution or ask a friend
  about it.  It is your responsibility revisit the exercise later to
  make sure you can solve it on your own without hesitation.

- You should not need to "study" for the quizzes.  The quizzes are
  meant to assess whether you have absorbed the new concepts and can
  solve new but similar problems.   If you can do each homework
  exercise without hesitation, you will be able to handle the quiz
  problems.

- There are no tests or midterm/final exam in this course, so no week
  will be any more difficult or stressful than any other.  Instead, so
  you should be putting in a strong, sustained effort every week.

- __Use the in-class work periods effectively!__  It is easy to get
  stuck on a problem.  The fastest way to get unstuck is to talk to
  your classmates (or me).  After you've done the exercises, help your
  classmates!  Talking about problems and explaining solutions is a
  great way to solidify your own knowledge.  We're all here to learn
  together.

## Use of Artificial Intelligence (AI)

Recent advances in AI have resulted in great improvements in
AI-based code assistants.  AI-generated code may look correct, but
also may have subtle bugs.  Remember that your goal in this course
is for __you__ to improve your coding skills.

### Coding Assignments

I expect that any code you submit for an assignment has been written
by you, using your own brain and fingers.

The coding assignments are for you to practice your skills, and to
practice solving problems.  Your goal is to be able to solve a
similar problem without help.  Ideally, you will give yourself time
to struggle with the solution, ask classmates, or ask me if you are
stuck.  

On the other hand, AI code assistants can be helpful to help you get
unstuck, including finding potential bugs in your code.

You are allowed to use AI for help, but think of it as a crutch:
it's a tool to help you keep moving until you are up and running on
your own again.


### Quizzes

You will write your quizzes by hand on paper.  No AI. Real
intelligence only.

### Project(s)

If you feel that AI will help your project, you are welcome to use
it, subject to the following:

- You must fully document any use of AI code generation.  You may
  not take credit for code that you did not write.

- You are responsible for getting your program to run, including
  debugging all issues.  Remember that debugging your own code is
  difficult enough.  Debugging AI-generated code can be even more
  difficult.

- If you use a 3rd party web service:
    - Be sure not to submit any identifying information
    - Abide by the service's license agreement
    - Abide by Marlborough's Student Technology Responsible Use Policy


